Project Plan.txt (for project evaluative purposes only)

I. Problem Statement
   a) The aim of this endeavour is to create a robust, universal adn scalable platform that allows it's users to engage
      in an online sudoku competition.
   b) It is a well known fact that all pre-exiting online sudoku platforms are just involved with single player modes,
      which single-handedly eradicates the whole point of going through all the effort of building and maintaining a
      website in the first place. Hence, this project aims to become the first inroad towards making sudoku an engaging,
      user-centric and mentally-intensive experience.

II. Project Objectives
    The team members listed below shall work on the requirements listed below, name wise:
    a) Karan Babariya: 		
        1) UI / UX.
        2) Professional look and feel.
        3) Cross platform scalability.
        4) Adaptive front-end response to user events.				 
        5) Responsive design. 	
    b) Kunal Nagpal
        1) Random sudoku grid generation, with solver functionality.
        2) Leaderboard content generation.
        3) Multiple gameplay modes.		
        4) User statistical management
        5) User record CRUD operations.

III. Feasibility Study
    a) We, as student developers believe that this project holds great potential, not just to serve as a cornerstone of
       the game to it's current crop of followers, but also to kindle newer levels and extents of interest.
    b) Given that a sizable portion of the proposed scope of works has been put into development, and also that the
       remaining portions follow these both systematically as well as chronologically, the project is expected to be
       complete within the stipulated time frame.
    c) Academic clauses aside, this project also represents a great opportunity to put into application the often over-
       theoretical aspects of algorithm design and analysis. Hence, the ability to break any problem down into it's
       fundamental mathematical components is likely to be inculcated here.

IV. Process Model
    a) This project initiative will be built on the foundations of the <> process model.
    b) Given that Sudoku is a NP-hard problem, it would be feasible to not conform the development scheme to any process
       model that works on a lock and key basis. Hence, the evolutionary model would be the only sensible choice in this
       case.

V. Deliverables
    a) In short, the platform will provide users with the ability not just to play games, but also savour tailored analytics
       for their performance. Additionally, this system should (in theory) be able to predict a range of completion
       statistics for any given scenario.
    b) In the interests of full disclosure, this platform will be built on an express framework using Node.js for the
       backend scripting and database linkages. Further, we will be using the no-schema database model via MongoDB.

VI. Project Scheduling
    a) Proposed schedule:
       1) February:
          * 3 - 10: Initial setup and requirement analysis.
          * 11 - 18: Deciding priority of ascension for various tasks and their associated sub-tasks.
          * 19 - 28: Formal commencement of front-end tasks, completing skeletal layout for the front - end.
       2) March:
          * 1 - 8: Finishing up on the front end, adding UI / UX to existing framework.
          * 9 - 16: Front end testing and fine-tuning, adding backend routes.
          * 17 - 24: Adding database connections and user record management functionality.
          * 25 - 31: Implementing game logic and metrics.
       3) April:
          * 1 - 8: Adding additional game modes.
          * 9 - 16: Testing the backend.
          * 17 - 24: Final inspection to reveal any potential flaws, checking for the possibility of additional features,
                     acting upon them.
          * 25 - 30: Final testing.
